{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15320\viewh11380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 \'95	Thanks Austin.  Hi all, I'm Adam and I'll touch on the UI and QA system.\
\'95	The front end is a super lightweight, single page Flask application.\
\'95	As you will see, when a user asks a question, the answer will be shown in bold font within the surrounding context along with a confidence score in the bottom right corner of each answer card.\
\'95	For Question Answering, we're using a pre-trained BERT QA model.  \
\'95	You've probably noticed the images changing in the right column.  Those are AI generated images which update asynchronously based on the user's query.  We call an external API which uses stable-diffusion to generate those images.  It adds a little bit of fun and randomness.\
\'95	Richard, can you switch to the slide please.  <thanks>\
\'95	In Conclusion, our Climate Research Tool aggregates information across government agencies and provides a simple interface for users to research directly from reputable sources.  Climate change is just one potential use-case.  Our tool is easily transferrable to any domain.\
\'95	That\'92s our pitch.  Thank you for your time  \'97and we'll now open it up to questions.\
}